Let us know with Mr. Policy
how you can book the annual health checkup available in ICICI Lobbard General Insurance policy from your mobile in just 2 minutes.
Let us understand the process step by step.  First of all
you have to
open the dial pad of your mobile and call this number.
Keep in mind that you should make the call
only from your registered mobile number.  Now you will talk
to ICICI LB's AI assistant.
Here you will have to give verbal command.  Annual
Health Checkup Booking.  Then confirm by saying yes.
Please summarize your query.
Annual Health Checkup Booking.
Please confirm if your question
is related to annual health checkup booking?  Yes or no, check.
After this you will receive an SMS
which will contain the link for appointment booking.   As soon as you
click on the link, you will be
redirected directly to the website.  Now
login with your registered mobile number.
After logging in you will get three options.
Book New Appointment, Reschedule,
Cancel Appointment, Check Status.  You have to
click on Book New Appointment.   To
book an appointment.  Now
enter your policy number and select member.
Keep in mind that only one
member can be selected at a time.  After that
enter your mobile number and click on proceed.
On the next page you will have to
enter your alternate email ID and mobile number.
Proceed again.  Now you have to select your health
checkup date.  Note: You
can select the check up date only after two days.
Dates before that are not available.
Diagnostic centres remain closed on Sundays and public holidays.
After selecting the date you will get two options.  At Home
Sample Collection Visit Diagnostic Centre.
If you select home collection,
your registered address will be automatically filled.
If you want to get the checkup done at a secondary location,
you
can edit the location using the edit option and
if you want to change your address in your policy,
you can also easily update it through the ICICI LB mobile app.
We have covered the entire process step by step in one of our videos.  If
you want, you
can view it and complete your endorsement in just two minutes.
And in
this way we keep
posting more policy related innovative videos on our channel.
You can check them as well.  Now
you have to select your diagnostic center on the
basis of near by location.
If you want to visit the centre, you
can choose the centre by selecting Visit Diagnostic Centre.  And that's it, your annual
health checkup has been successfully booked.
And repeat the process for other members.
So now you can easily book your and your family
's health checkup
with ICICI LMB General Insurance.  If you found the video
helpful, please like it.  If you have any
doubt then comment and for such useful
videos follow and subscribe to Mr. Policy.